wiki/fe/dependencies.md, before:

# Dependencies

## Main Dependencies

  - [@emotion/react](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@emotion/react) - Simple styling in React.
  - [@emotion/styled](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@emotion/styled) - styled API for emotion.
  
  -> https://emotion.sh/docs/introduction
  - [@loadable/component](https://github.com/gregberge/loadable-components) - allow to load components dynamic and give another way to make code splitting for app bundle.
  - [@mui/icons-material]() - 
  - [@mui/joy]() - 
  - [@mui/material]() - 
  - [@mui/x-data-grid]() - 
  - [axios]() - 
  - [dotenv](https://www.npmjs.com/package/dotenv) - is a zero-dependency module that loads environment variables from 
      a .env file into process.env.
  - [lodash]() - 
  - [react](https://react.dev/) - JavaScript library for creating user interfaces.
  - [react-dom](https://react.dev/) - React package for working with the DOM.
  - [uuid]() - 

## Dev Dependencies

  - [@eslint/js]() - 
  - [@stylistic/eslint-plugin]() - 
  - [@testing-library/jest-dom]() - 
  - [@testing-library/react]() - 
  - [@types/jest]() - 
  - [@types/lodash]() - 
  - [@types/react]() - 
  - [@types/react-dom]() - 
  - [@vitejs/plugin-react](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react/README.md) 
      uses [Babel](https://babeljs.io/) for Fast Refresh
  - [eslint](http://eslint.org) - It's a tool for identifying and reporting on patterns
      found in ECMAScript/JavaScript code.
  - [eslint-config-prettier]() - 
  - [eslint-plugin-prettier]() - 
  - [eslint-plugin-react-hooks]() - 
  - [eslint-plugin-react-refresh]() - 
  - [eslint-plugin-simple-import-sort]() - 
  - [globals](https://github.com/sindresorhus/globals) - it's just a JSON file, which
      can be used it in any  environment. This package is used by ESLint 8 and earlier.
      For ESLint 9 and later, you should depend on this package directly in your
      ESLint config.
  - [husky]() - 
  - [jest](https://jestjs.io/) - It's a JavaScript Testing Framework. 
  - [jsdom](https://github.com/jsdom/jsdom) - it's a pure-JavaScript implementation 
      of many web standards, notably the WHATWG DOM and HTML Standards, for use with
      Node.js. The goal of the project is to emulate enough of a subset of a web 
      browser to be useful for testing and scraping real-world web applications. 
  - [lint-staged]() - 
  - [prettier]() - 
  - [ts-jest]() - 
  - [typescript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/) - is a language for application-scale
      JavaScript. TypeScript adds optional types to JavaScript.
  - [typescript-eslint]() - 
  - [vite](https://github.com/vitejs/vite) - Native-ESM powered web dev build tool. 
  - [vitest](https://github.com/vitest-dev/vitest) - Testing framework powered by Vite.

Commit message:

Mui table (#3)
1. Updated routing for page with Material UI example.
2. For page with Material UI components:
  - atoms: add new components, including common components: BasicAutocomplete, BasicInput, BasicSelect, BasicLabel
  - modals: add modal to see/update data, filter modal (partly), confirmation modal
 -  molecules: dashboard menu item, top toolbar
 -  organisms: dashboard panel, mui table & dashboard

3. For Table Dashboard:
  -  allow see data in modal by clicking on row
  - allow add/delete/modify data (local implementation)
  - allow filter data

4. Add Context for data.
5. Add test for several components and functions
6. Add documentation for project installed packages
7. Linter fixed

wiki/fe/dependencies.md, after:

# Dependencies

## Main Dependencies
  - [@emotion/react](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@emotion/react) - Simple styling in React.
  - [@emotion/styled](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@emotion/styled) - styled API for emotion.
    -> [docs](https://emotion.sh/docs/introduction)
  - [@loadable/component](https://github.com/gregberge/loadable-components) - allow to load components dynamic 
      and give another way to make code splitting for app bundle.
  - [@mui/icons-material]() - 
  - [@mui/joy]() - 
  - [@mui/material]() - 
  - [@mui/x-data-grid]() - 
  - [axios](https://axios-http.com/) - Promise based HTTP client for the browser and node.js.
  - [dotenv](https://www.npmjs.com/package/dotenv) - is a zero-dependency module that loads environment 
      variables from a `.env` file into process.env.
  - [lodash](https://lodash.com/) or [docs from npmjs](https://www.npmjs.com/package/lodash) - A modern JavaScript 
      utility library, which cover common manipulation programming for arrays, objects, string, and collections
      using functional programming paradigm.
  - [react](https://react.dev/) - JavaScript library for creating user interfaces.
  - [react-dom](https://react.dev/) - React package for working with the DOM.
  - [uuid](https://github.com/uuidjs/uuid) - UUID generator

## Dev Dependencies

  - [@eslint/js]() - 
  - [@stylistic/eslint-plugin]() -
    [@testing-library/jest-dom](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@testing-library/jest-dom) -provides a set of 
      custom jest matchers that you can use to extend jest. These will make your tests more declarative, clear 
      to read and to maintain.
    [@testing-library/react](https://testing-library.com/) - is a very light-weight solution for testing React
      components. It provides light utility functions on top of `react-dom` and `react-dom/test-utils`, in a way
      that encourages better testing practices.
    [@types/node]() -
  - [@types/lodash](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@types/lodash) - This package contains type definitions for `lodash`.
  - [@types/react]() - 
  - [@types/react-dom]() - 
  - [@vitejs/plugin-react](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react/README.md) 
      uses [Babel](https://babeljs.io/) for Fast Refresh
  - [eslint](http://eslint.org) - It's a tool for identifying and reporting on patterns
      found in ECMAScript/JavaScript code.
  - [eslint-config-prettier]() - 
  - [eslint-plugin-prettier]() - 
  - [eslint-plugin-react-hooks]() - 
  - [eslint-plugin-react-refresh]() - 
  - [eslint-plugin-simple-import-sort]() - 
  - [globals](https://github.com/sindresorhus/globals) - it's just a JSON file, which
      can be used it in any  environment. This package is used by ESLint 8 and earlier.
      For ESLint 9 and later, you should depend on this package directly in your
      ESLint config.
  - [husky]() - 
  - [jest](https://jestjs.io/) - It's a JavaScript Testing Framework. 
  - [jsdom](https://github.com/jsdom/jsdom) - it's a pure-JavaScript implementation 
      of many web standards, notably the WHATWG DOM and HTML Standards, for use with
      Node.js. The goal of the project is to emulate enough of a subset of a web 
      browser to be useful for testing and scraping real-world web applications. 
  - [lint-staged]() - 
  - [prettier]() - 
  - [typescript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/) - is a language for application-scale
      JavaScript. TypeScript adds optional types to JavaScript.
  - [typescript-eslint]() - 
  - [vite](https://github.com/vitejs/vite) - Native-ESM powered web dev build tool. 
  - [vitest](https://github.com/vitest-dev/vitest) - Testing framework powered by Vite.
